# [Nextpart AI - The Best NSFW AI Chatbot Platform](https://nextpart.ai)  
## Official website  
https://nextpart.ai  
## Slogan  
Unfiltered NSFW AI Chat with lifelike AI characters. Create your dream AI Girlfriend and enjoy limitless, personalized interactions anytime, anywhere.
## Description  
[Nextpart AI](https://nextpart.ai) is an unrestricted NSFW AI Chatbot platform. Supported by AI large language models, it enables human-like interaction between users and AI models. 
In Nextpart AI users define and chat with AI characters, each with customized appearance, personalities, and storylines. Users are free to explore their fantasies with the AI characters, including deep conversations, role-playing scenarios. 
Nextpart AI supports voice response and image generation from chat context, allows intimate conversations with AI models with no NSFW filter, in 14 languages.  
## User Reviews
### Zerru - 2025-8-21
HI, about a week ago i looking just from curiosity for some concurance type of CYOA chat service like NextpartAI is, and found multiple, yet many have badly designet websites or bad subscription models, like insanly greedy ones for what they trying to offer. but then i found one that looks like a good concurence or even better one based on its own descriptions and FAQ and Subscrption Descriptions where even free acount give unlimited range of conversation, memory bank and access toa ny type of characters inclusing the unlimited range of NSFW stuff, and today when i made my final testing i make a final result about HammerAI webside. At first it looks very good and the feelings from it were owerwhelmingly possitive but the more i tested out the more unique things that works here commonly or based on their decription where i found that what they say about no limits even for free acounts is not fully true and also their NSFW stuff is also much but like much more limited then here and then what they describe what give their service a false advertisment which is from my side the biggest issue from my side. When their AI found something that dont like in your chatting for example their AI dont like when you useing numbers like in common form (1234567890) and you need to write them like words otherwise they lock and seal of the whole conversation and you can start from over, next thing is that their AI is based on feets and inches so useing metric units is kinda problematic where IA understand it but always answer to you in imperial units with is king big problem from my side, then their description say that the memory bank of their even basic AIs are in terms of few billions letters (for example i can make from a 10 hours long conversation a chat with 1 million letters, so theyir limit would be 1000-times bigger) , but in reality i reach the limit where AI start make serous troubles and start to improvise in very wild way just after 2 hours of conversation.  
And thats fast, even if i write fast i might get at most to 250 000 letters (including the AI masages ofcorse). And then their paying subscription models where images editors are locked behind 3rd and 4th tier of Sub.  and if i look on their best Sub model and put it against NextpartAi model it looks better from side of description for HammerAI, but because in the end you get much less then from Deluxe version of NextpartAi Sub. Its totally not worth fit. And the annully price is 2.5 times bigger then the nextpartAI ones. So my final words are even that in long term and many fixxes might be HammerAi good concuration against NextpartAi, there some critical things like lying to users about limits and the fact that even common tier users here at NextpartAI can use fully the editors or image generators. Yes the only thing that at the end i found there was that AI respond like about 2-3 times faster like nearly instant. But that fast reactions might be because , that websites requires from you, downloading the AI software into your PC.  
So still the NextpartAi is the best possible CYOA AI Service chat on the web i found, and so i can and must still recommand it to everyone 😉  
